How should the copies of Les Confiotes be?
	1. Attention grabbin headlings
	2. looks more like an editorial than an ad (does it make it more likely to be read?)
	3. makes a specific offer
- Find a vocabulary to describe liquors
	- Look more on google
	- Look at your top competitors
	- Who are the liquors and syrups and juice top competitors
- Look for brands with good marketing on liquor and juices


- Create a template for writing copy for the Confiotes and especially titles. 
Look for multiple copies like that, not jsut because it's a good trianing but because there's no way you can get better if you don't train by that as much as possible. You and the team. Look for every good headlines for liquor and stuffs just lije us. Look for things that confirm the structure of the book copycriting
(Reading the Handbook for copywriting)
	Look for ads of your top competitor, and how to implement them

- 3 keys to write good 
	- For decades, I always told clients more is better than less. But now I am rethinking that position. Sometimes  there are thousands of articles on the topic. (I just googled “weight loss” and in less than a second was given  links to nearly two million pages.) If I gave all two million articles on weight loss a careful reading or even a  quick scan, I could not possibly make my copy deadline.

# Attention
It's the no.1 priority of every copy
Cold email has an open rate of 14-23%

How can you enhance the 1st impression of your copy?
- front cover for the catalogue
- First 20s of a video (even first 6)
- Headline+visual


The headline is the most important element in most advertisements. It is the telegram which decides whether the  
reader will read the copy.  
On average, five times as many people read the headline as read the body copy. When you have written your  
headline, you have spent eighty cents out of your dollar.  
If you haven’t done some selling in your headline, you have wasted 80 percent of your client’s money.  
Ogilvy says that putting a new headline on an existing ad has increased the selling power of the ad tenfold. I  
have experienced similar results. What is it that makes one headline a failure and the other a success?  
Many copywriters fall into the trap of believing that clever wordplay, puns, and “cute” copy make for a good  
headline. But think a minute. When you make a purchase, do you want to be amused by the sales clerk? Or do  
you want to know that you’re getting quality merchandise at a reasonable price?

## how do deliver as much message with headlines
Your headline can perform four different tasks:  
1. Get attention.  
2. Select the audience.  
3. Deliver a complete message.  
4. Draw the reader into the body copy.  

Let’s take a look at how headlines perform each of these jobs.  
## 1. Getting Attention  

“Give Your Kids a Fighting Chance” Crest  
“Why Swelter Through Another Hot Summer?” GE air conditioners  
“For Deep-Clean, Oil-Free Skin, Noxzema Has the Solution” Noxzema moisturizer  

**Give novelty:**
Another effective attention-getting gambit is to give the reader news. Headlines that give news often use words such as new, discover, introducing, announcing, now, it’s here, at last, and just arrived.  “New Sensational Video Can Give You Thin Thighs Starting  Now!” Exercise  “Discover Our New Rich-Roasted Taste” Decaffeinated  
coffee.
=>Confiotes: Découvrer nos 3 nouveaux produits que les bartender s'arrachent!

**Give Free gift**
If you can legitimately use the word free in your headline, do so. Free is one of the most powerful words in  the copywriter’s vocabulary. Everybody wants to get something for free.  
Other powerful attention-getting words include how to, why, you, sale, quick, easy, bargain, last chance, guarantee, results, proven, and save. D**o not avoid these words because other copywriters use them with such frequency.** Other copywriters use these words because they work. You should, too. Grade your performance as  
a copywriter on sales generated by your copy, not on originality.  

**Useful actionnable information**
Headlines that offer the reader useful information are also attention getters. The information promised in the headline can be given in the copy or in a free booklet the reader can send for. 
*Some examples:*
	“Free New Report on 67 Emerging Growth  
	Stocks” Merrill Lynch  
	“Three Easy Steps to Fine Wood Finishing” Minwax Wood Finish  
	“How to Bake Beans” Van Camp’s  

Many advertisers try to get attention with headlines and gimmicks that **don’t promise the reader a benefit or  are not related to the product in any way.**

When you write a headline, get attention by picking out an important customer benefit or concern and  presenting it in a clear, bold, dramatic fashion. Avoid headlines and concepts that are cute, clever, and  titillating but irrelevant. They may generate some hoopla, but they do not sell.  

## 2. Selecting the Audience  
In the same way, an ad for a $95,000 sports car should imply, “This is for rich  folks only!” You don’t want to waste time answering inquiries from people who cannot afford the product.  
The headline can select the right audience for your ad and screen out those readers who are not potential customers. A good headline for a life insurance ad might read, “To Men and Women over 65 Who Need Affordable Life Insurance Coverage.”  

“A Message to All Charter Security Life Policyholders of Single Premium Deferred  
Annuities”  
“Is Your Electric Bill Too High?” Utility ad  
“Can you trust solar heating companies you never heard of who try to sell you solar roof  
panels over the phone?” Solar panels  

## 3. Delivering a Complete Message  
Sell a complete message because those n-words won't even read through.
Here are a few headlines that deliver complete messages:  
“Caught Soon Enough, Early Tooth Decay Can Actually Be Repaired by Colgate!”  
“Hitachi Chiller-Heater Cuts Cooling and Heating Costs Up to 50%”  
“Allstate—with accident insurance, they guarantee your car insurance rates won’t go up because of an accident.”  
Ogilvy recommends that you include the selling promise and the brand name in the headline. Many effective  
headlines don’t include the product name. But put it in if you suspect most of your prospects won’t bother to read the copy underneath. For instance, having the product name in the headline or subhead in a half-page  newspaper ad for health offers typically boosts response.  

## 4. Drawing the Reader into the Body Copy  
**Certain product categories—liquor, soft drinks, and fashion, for example—can be sold with an attractive photo,  a powerful headline, and a minimum of words.** 
LES CONFIOTES

 
To draw the reader into the body copy, you must arouse his or her curiosity. You can do this with news, or  intrigue, or mystery. You can ask a question or make a provocative statement. You can promise a reward, news, or useful information.  

 “What Do Japanese Managers Have That American Managers Sometimes Lack?” Naturally, American  managers wanted to find out about the techniques the Japanese use to run their businesses so effectively.  
 
  **a facial lotion reads**: “The $5 Alternative to Costly Plastic Surgery.” The reader is lured into the ad to satisfy her curiosity about what this inexpensive alternative might be. The  
headline would not have been as successful if it said, “$5 Bottle of Lotion Is an Inexpensive Alternative to Costly Plastic Surgery.”  

## Headlines examples
1. Ask a question in the headline.  
“What Do Japanese Managers Have That American Managers Sometimes Lack?”  
2. Tie-in to current events.  
“Stay One Step Ahead of the Stock Market Just Like Martha Stewart—But Without Her Legal Liability!”  
3. Create a new terminology.  
“New ‘Polarized Oil’ Magnetically Adheres to Wear Parts in Machine Tools, Making Them Last Up to 6  
Times Longer.”  
4. Give news using the words “new,” “introduction,” or “announcing.”  
“Announcing a Painless Cut in Defense Spending.”  
5. Give the reader a command—tell him to do something.  
“Try Burning This Coupon.”  
6. Use numbers and statistics.  
“Who Ever Heard of 17,000 Blooms from a Single Plant?”
7. Promise the reader useful information.  
“How to Avoid the Biggest Mistake You Can Make in Building or Buying a Home.”  
8. Highlight your offer.  
“You Can Now Subscribe to the Best New Books—Just as You Do to a Magazine.”  
9. Tell a story.  
“They Laughed When I Sat Down at the Piano, But When I Started to Play...”  
10. Make a recommendation.  
“The 5 High-Yield Stocks You Must Own NOW.”  
11. State a benefit.  
“Managing UNIX Data Centers—Once Difficult, Now Easy.”  
12. Make a comparison.  
“How to Solve Your Emissions Problems—at Half the Energy Cost of Conventional Venturi Scrubbers.”  
13. Use words that help the reader visualize.  
“Why Some Foods ‘Explode’ in Your Stomach.”  
14. Use a testimonial.  
“After over Half a Million Miles in the Air Using AVBLEND, We’ve Had No Premature Camshaft Failures.”  
15. Offer a free special report, catalog, or booklet.  
“New FREE Special Report Reveals Little-Known Strategy Millionaires Use to Keep Wealth in Their Hands  
—and Out of Uncle Sam’s.”  
16. State the selling proposition directly and plainly.  
“Surgical Tables Rebuilt—Free Loaners Available.”  
17. Arouse reader curiosity.  
“The One Internet Stock You MUST Own Now. Hint: It’s NOT What You Think!”  
18. Promise to reveal a secret.  
“Unlock Wall Street’s Secret Logic.”  
19. Be specific.  
“At 60 Miles an Hour, the Loudest Noise in This New Rolls-Royce Comes from the Electric Clock.”  
20. Target a particular type of reader.  
“We’re Looking for People Who Want a Higher-Paying Career.”  
21. Add a time element.  
“Instant Incorporation While U-Wait.”  
22. Stress cost savings, discounts, or value.  
“Now You Can Get $2,177 Worth of Expensive Stock Market Newsletters for the Incredibly Low Price of  
Just $69!”  
23. Give the reader good news.  
“You’re Never Too Old to Hear Better.”  
24. Offer an alternative to other products and services.  
“No Time for Yale—Took College at Home Online.”  
25. Issue a challenge.  
“Will Your Scalp Stand the Fingernail Test?”  
26. Stress your guarantee.  
“Develop Software Applications Up to 6 Times Faster or Your Money Back.”  
27. State the price.  
“Link 8 PCs to Your Mainframe—Only $2,395.”  
28. Set up a seeming contradiction.  
“Profit from ‘Insider Trading’—100% Legal!”  
29. Offer an exclusive the reader can’t get elsewhere.  
“Earn 500+% Gains with Little-Known ‘Trader’s Secret Weapon.’”  
30. Address the reader’s concern.  
“Why Most Small Businesses Fail—and What You Can Do About It.”  
31. “As Crazy as It Sounds...”  
“Crazy as It Sounds, Shares of This Tiny R&D Company, Selling for $2 Today, Could Be Worth as Much as  
$100 in the Not-Too-Distant Future.”  
32. Make a big promise.  
“Slice 20 Years Off Your Age!”  
33. Show ROI (return on investment) for purchase of your product.  
“Hiring the Wrong Person Costs You Three Times Their Annual Salary.”  
34. Use a reasons-why headline.  
“7 Reasons Why Production Houses Nationwide Prefer Unilux Strobe Lighting When Shooting Important  
TV Commercials.”  
35. Answer important questions about your product or service.  
“7 Questions to Ask Before You Hire a Collection Agency ... and One Good Answer to Each.”  
36. Stress the value of your premiums.  
“Yours Free—Order Now and Receive $280 in Free Gifts with Your Paid Subscription.”  
37. Help the reader achieve a goal.  
“Now You Can Create a Breakthrough Marketing Plan Within the Next 30 Days ... for FREE!”  
38. Make a seemingly contradictory statement or promise.  
“Cool Any Room in Your House Fast—Without Air Conditioning!”  
Notice that many of these headline use numbers. Numbers attract the reader’s eye. They should always be  
written as numerals. If you say “7 reasons why,” prospects want to know the seven reasons and will read the  
ad to learn them. Also ads and content written as lists, or “listicles,” which look more like editorial content, are
You can use the How to
##  the 4U's formula

# 4U's: for clickbait headlines
- Urgent: Make $100,000 working from home this year”  
has a greater sense of urgency than “Make $100,000 working from home.” Once  
the offer period is over, the offer is no longer available.
- Unique:   
The powerful headline either says something new or, if it says something the reader has heard  before, says it in a new and fresh way. For example, “Why Japanese women have beautiful skin” was the headline in an e-mail promoting a Japanese bath kit. This is different from the typical “Save 10% on Japanese  
Bath Kits.”
- Ultra-specific: Examples: “What never to eat on an airplane,” “Bills it’s okay to pay late, and “Best time to file for a tax refund.”
- Useful: The strong subject line appeals to the reader’s self-interest by offering a benefit. In the headline “An Invitation to Ski & Save,” the benefit is saving money.

=> Check how much does your headline does in all of those parts on a scale to 1 to 4. You gotta reach at least 9/16, with 3 or more on all of them. If they are, then the headline is clickbait. 

## Example of a title that sucks balls
A marketer wrote to tell me he had sent out a successful e-mail marketing campaign with **the subject line  “Free Special Report.**” How does this stack up against the 4 U’s? 

• Urgent. There is no urgency or sense of timeliness. On a scale of 1 to 4, with 4 being the highest rating,  “Free Special Report” is a 1.  
• Unique. Not every marketer offers a free special report, but a lot of them do. So “Free Special Report”  rates only a 2 in terms of uniqueness.  
• Ultra-specific. Could the marketer have been less specific than “Free Special Report”? Yes, he could have just said “Free Bonus Gift.” So we rate “Free Special Report” a 2 instead of a • Useful. I suppose the reader is smart enough to figure that the report contains some helpful information.  On the other hand, the usefulness is in the specific information contained in the report, which isn’t even hinted  at in the headline. And does the recipient, who already has too much to read, really need yet another “free  
special report”? I rate it a 2. Specifying the topic would help (e.g., “Free special report reveals how to cut  training costs up to 90% with e-learning”).




## Struggle producing a Headline? Follow those steps:
1. Who is my customer?  
2. What are the important features of the product?  
3. Which of these features do competing products lack?   **(USP)**
4. Why will the customer want to buy the product? (What product feature delivers the benefit most  important to him?)

Ok. I answer tat shit. Then what? Well, fucker, then you: 
1. write 6 to 8 headlines
 Nothing good? 
2 . Create a list of words related to the product. Mix and match'em
