The state-trait anxiety inventory (STAI) [25] questionnaire was utilized to measure the self-reported stress of participants. The state anxiety scale (STAI-Y1) is the moment’s undesirable feelings of stress that are consciously perceived and are associated with the arousal of the ANS. On the other hand, the trait anxiety scale (STAIY2) is a type of enduring personality trait and is related to constant individual differences. Although many questionnaires have been proposed for measuring stress, the STAI is one of the most popular tools for measuring state-trait anxiety that has been used in many stress-related studies

In order to clean the ECG signal and precisely extract R peaks, a band-pass filter with cut-off frequencies of 5 and 15Hz was applied. This band-pass filter reduces the effects of contaminations caused by movements artifact, 50 Hz power-line interference, baseline drift and T-wave interference. The parameters of the band-pass filter were selected based on the results of previous studies. Subsequently, RR intervals were obtained using the Pan–Tompkins peak detection algorithm [33]. The HRV parameters were extracted from the RR intervals. HRV reflects the variations of the period between consecutive heartbeats (RR intervals) over time, which is a reliable marker of the ANS [34]. ^bb94e6

For the ECG signal of each lead (I, II and III), 25 HRV features were extracted. Therefore, the ECG feature vector consisted of 75 features. HRV is the physiological phenomenon of tiny fluctuations in the time intervals between heartbeats. It reflects the tenseness and balance of the sympathetic and the vagus nerve activities and their effects on the cardiovascular motion [37]. Therefore, HRV is of significant importance and adverse in the stress detection field. HRV is traditionally determined by the digital processing of the ECG signal. The R-wave peaks of QRS complexes in ECG were detected and RR intervals were calculated. Then, several time-domain, frequency-domain and nonlinear features were extracted [38]. A list of the features along with their descriptions are presented in Table 2. For more details, see [9,39,40]. ^00cfb3