 STRESS MEASUREMENT

- Wehave to attribute a certain rating to each elements of the NASA TLX task
- Apparently the subjects have to define by themselves what factors contributed more to the workload.
- Appendix B: They choose between  15 pairs of factors (Mental Demand, Frustration. etc..) 
- Each time a factor is selected it is tallied with a +1 from 0 to 5

[measuring and conducting a subjective mental workload (MWL) assessment. It allows you to determine the MWL of a participant while they are performing a task.](https://digital.ahrq.gov/health-it-tools-and-resources/evaluation-resources/workflow-assessment-health-it-toolkit/all-workflow-tools/nasa-task-load-index#:~:text=The%20NASA%20task%20load%20index,determine%20an%20overall%20workload%20rating.)
	Basically, how overwork the participant is
It does that by accessing 6 factors (NASA TLX)
1. Mental demand – how much thinking, deciding, or calculating was required to perform the task.  
2. Physical demand – the amount and intensity of physical activity required to complete the task.  
3. Temporal demand – the amount of time pressure involved in completing the task.  
4. Effort – how hard does the participant have to work to maintain their level of performance?  
5. Performance – the level of success in completing the task.  
6. Frustration level – how insecure, discouraged, or secure or content the participant felt during the task.

Is it relevant for stress? It depend. It measure the cognitive workload and one thing that influences that is the mental demand and frustration level. But it also can't be biased because of the other factors

### SSSQ: # Assessing Daily Stress with the Short Stress State Questionnaire (SSSQ): Relationships with Cognitive Slips-Failures
The SSSQ measures task engagement, distress, and worry
